Please, Vivian. Don't fail me.
Hey, was Vivian?
Don, you better hear from them.
Tell me everything, or I will make sure that nobody ever finds what's left of you.
Mercy done. She gave me 100 bucks. I bet.
You switched the files. I didn't know it was your territory.
Why did you frame my feelings, eh?
Well, don't rhyme. It wasn't me. It was Miss Vivian.
You better know what you were saying if you were framed by my sister.
And you know what will happen.
I won't. Miss Vivian, she fired me when she fought Mrs. Dawn.
Said I could get some revenge. I had no idea. Lorne, was your feel say.
Dammit. Tell us her again.
Talk to me.
Who's wrong?
I'm dammit, Vivian. I warned you to stop. Why now?
The bitch took what's mine. I warned Hallet.
And you've risked the family reputation over this? What exactly did she take?
Look. You are my baby sister, okay? And I love you. I've always defended you.
Dawn, I nearly drove her away for you.
Why her? Why not me?
I think it's time that I finally find you husband.
What?
Yeah. I'm willing to let this slide, but you can't stay here anymore.
And I will set you up with someone good. Not our level, but you'll be comfortable.
No way. How could you push me into something like this?
I'm done, Vivian. I've turned a blind eye to every single stunt that you've pulled against her.
But no more. We're done here. Get out.
Bitch.
So how's the wedding arrangement going?
She, uh, trashed the engagement gifts. Got it.
I wish that DNA report was wrong.
How did she turn out like this? She's so different from what I remember.
But Lorne, there's something so familiar about her.
I'm thinking I trust. There she is.
Lorne, you're the right. Are you going back?
I mean, you could, you know, my place is always open.
Lorne, it's time to go home. What? Now you're done playing Big Brother, you're playing Prince Charming.
Choose your next words very carefully.
Let me drive you back to the house. Just give me ten minutes. Hear me out.
That's all I ask. Please.
You should go, Tom. I have to pack anyways. I'll text you later, okay?
I have arranged Vivian's marriage. I like it or not, but she will leave.
It's the point anymore. I did what you asked. Now what about you? Did you hold up your end?
Thanks for finally listening to me. But the trust is gone. If you don't love me, just let me go.
You can keep Vivian here. I don't want to get hurt anymore.
He's being with me really that unbearable. You are my fiance, carrying my child for God's sakes.
You can't just leave. This is as far as I'll bend.
This house is not a hotel. You can't just come and go as you please.
Don't forget how we heard you before. Lorne, you bitch. I'm gonna take what's mine.
You can't see what Ryan chooses to save us. No! No, no, no, no.
You're safe now. They got you.
I thought you'd save Vivian first.
Don't talk. You're freezing.
It's mine. It's my tea.
Simon, take care of Miss Vivian.
Get down! All of you!
Bitch, you're asking for it. Jacob, I need one less favor.
Do you know any good therapists? What? What's wrong?
Stress. Seeing and hearing things. These constant headaches.
Seeing and hearing what?
You seeing this young boy and hearing his name go for...
What name?
I think it's... I think it's... God, I can't remember.
I know it's connected to my childhood somehow.
Thinking about it makes my head hurt.
Oh, then don't think about it. Just get some rest. We found you.
Strange dream. You be connected to my past. Can't move in. I'm sorry.
I thought I apologize, but I'm not sure about this. You're going to forgive him?
It's not about forgiveness. I have things that I need to figure out.
Just my baby's father, but everything I do is for the child. I don't expect anything else.
You said the word and I could also be the child's father.
As long as Vivian is around, he still keeps hurting you.
Paul, please.
Lauren, if being with him makes you happy, I'll support you.
And if you need a shoulder, I'll be here for you.
Though I hope you won't need one. Thanks me when you get home.
Did your assight give you at 5 p.m.? Someone will meet you. Don't tell anyone.
Who are you? What do you know? Tell me.
5-2-1 Westwood Street. This is it. Where are they?
Get her in the car. Quick.
No! What?
No!
Where the hell is she?
Why are you hiding here? It took her for a minute, didn't you?
Be a man in a computer field.
Bullshit, I'm looking for her too.
But she's there with you? She left at 3?
Check if she's home. Harry calls.
She didn't come back yet, and someone said they saw her being forced into a van.
I want her location right now.
Wake up.
Where am I? Jacob? We can go.
A long time no see, dear Lauren.
What do you want? I'm warning you. Ryan will find me.
Perfect. The whole family back together for redemption.
What are you talking about?
A gift from your dear cousin, for your little nephews or your nieces.
What? What is that? Back off. Don't you dare touch me.
Oh.
I found her. She's being held at the Westwood Harbor. Let's go.
Drive. Hold on one. I'm coming. How much longer?
20 minutes. Make it 10.
Saw the strangers. I don't care. Run the life. Let's go.
What is that?
Abortion pills. Blessings from Vivian and me.
Poor Lauren. Blame yourself for carrying Ryan's child.
If the baby's gone, there's no threat to Vivian.
Take off the cab.
Wait, let's split up. Have a more grab. Let me check in there.
Come on.
Bill.
She's taking the help.
Triple it.
Triple?
Walk away now. Ryan won't let you off.
Oh, I get it. You think this is about money?
No, no, no, no, no. I want Ryan to suffer. Did you get it?
I want him to know what real loss feels like.
Now take the fucking pills.
Do it, bitch.
Lauren!
Lay hands on my fiance. I'll skin you a lot.
Big words for someone all alone.
You really think you're going to get out of here tonight?
Get up.
Next time, at least make it interesting.
Here.
One more step, and I'll split her throat.
By doing this, I hope you know you were declaring war on the Dawn family.
Last chance. Let her go.
Or I will make you regret ever coming here tonight.
Nice try.
I've got back up on speed dial.
30 minutes without contact and my men will be here.
Fine, it's just a scratch. You.
Help me, Ryan.
Go make one one now.
This way, this way.
Only medical staff passes away.
Please be okay, Ryan.
Don't make me owe you like this.
Look what you've done.
This is so long as you.
It should be you in that room, not him.
To know who's really behind this.
Once Ryan wakes up, your lies won't hold.
Ryan needs a blood transfusion.
Anybody would type the blood.
I heard before.
He's bleeding. I need anybody.
Miss Vivian, I mean Miss Lore is type O.
She can't.
Lore?
You finally found her?
Why'd you wait so long to bring her back?
No, I'm not.
I'm type O. I can do it.
Thank you for saving time.
You should get some rest.
Family.
No need to.
Why is no one here?
You good?
Well, again.
It's Ryan okay.
Ryan.
Yeah, he's been through a lot.
But, but Dory, you can go see him right over there.
I gotta go lay down.
Okay?
Wait.
I heard you.
Oh my god.
I'm alive.
Get your hands away from him.
How did you hurt him enough?
Dory got you killed.
I'm going to.
That's enough.
Let me go.
Simon, it's fine.
I'll handle this.
You take long to get some rest.
I'll come and see you soon.
Okay.
Still protecting her?
Cut the act.
We both know who was behind my attack.
I mean Jacob didn't act alone.
You helped him.
You orchestrated the entire thing.
If you touch my fiance again, I will kill you.
How can you talk to me like this?
I am your sister.
Don't.
Simon told me everything.
You're not war.
No.
You're wrong.
I can prove it.
I am your sister, Ryan.
This doesn't belong to you.
They never did.
I ordered the real DNA results.
And as soon as I get them, I'll know the truth.
And finally be done with you.
Get around to my sight.
Ryan!
No!
Let me go!
You should be resting.
What's on your mind?
I had another nightmare.
What kind of nightmare?
I was younger.
And you were there too.
Are you implying that I'm the reason that you're having these nightmares?
No.
But someone kept calling me lore.
And he looked like a young boy.
Right.
Are you sure it was lore?
What else do you remember?
I think I fell from something.
And I hit my head.
It hurts.
My head is splitting.
Don, the DNA results are.
What is it?
All these years.
You are the one who saved my life.
What are you talking about?
I have a surprise for you.
Close your eyes.
My necklace.
You found it.
Thank you so much, Ryan.
They match perfectly.
Lauren.
You're the Uriel Lord.
I've been searching for you for all these years.
So, you're saying Logan?
The doctor has my birth dad?
The DNA doesn't lie.
You're my stepsister.
The real Don Eris.
Oh my god.
It won't abandon me.
He tries to steal Mrs. Don's life.
There's no use in denying it.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
It wasn't like this.
You're gonna get what you deserve.
I've never been happier than right now.
Thanks to you.
I feel the same way.
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
Dad will be here any minute.
He said he can't wait to see you.
Neither can I.
But when I brought you some meds,
they should help with the memory loss
and with the baby.
Thank you.
My girl.
Todd, we're here.
Oh, you finally made it.
After all these COVID sentences,
after all these years,
you've been through a lot.
I have something for you.
What?
Cars, yachts,
even cars with no living, no pin number.
Use it however you like.
Todd, thank you.
And I also remember how much
you like these pieces,
these designer jewelry.
Right now, I just want to focus on the baby.
I got one more for you.
Through whatever life throws at us,
I promise to always be yours.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
We, we, we.